Add JSON log parser (#179)
martin-helmich/prometheus-nginxlog-exporter: README.adoc

}
----

### JSON log_format

> You can use JsonParser by setting the parser argument of the command line or config-file to json.

Reviewer: :+1: for also thinking of the documentation. Just a few suggestions regarding the wording.

```suggestion
You can use the JSON parser by setting the `--parser` command line flag or `parser` config file property to `json`.
```

Author: Sorry, English is not my native language. Thanks very much for your correction.👍
